feat(readme): update w/ deprecation statement (#3667)
Qiskit/qiskit.org: README.md

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This repository is deprecated and its content has been superseded by the [IBM Quantum | Community page](https://ibm.com/quantum/community). These source files are no longer maintained and may contain errors. Contributions to this repo are no longer accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This repository is unmaintained  and the content in qiskit.org has been superseded by the [IBM Quantum | Community page](https://ibm.com/quantum/community). These source files are no longer maintained and may contain omissions or outdated information. Contributions to this repo are no longer accepted.
```
